DOCS-9876 sandboxes (#189)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/update-acm.adoc

Keep your Anypoint API Community Manager instance up to date to take advantage of new and improved functionality in your community.

> For information about upgrade notifications, see the documentation page on xref:notifications.adoc[important notifications].

Reviewer: Why not just link to the page?
```suggestion
For information about upgrade notifications, see xref:notifications.adoc[important notifications].
```

> After you upgrade using this process, you cannot undo the installation and return to a previous version. Follow the best-practice workflow by creating safe sandbox environments and using them to test each upgrade before installing the new package in your production environment. For more information, see the documentation page on sandboxes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you upgrade using this process, you cannot undo the installation and return to a previous version. Follow the best-practice workflow by creating safe sandbox environments and using them to test each upgrade before installing the new package in your production environment. For more information, see the documentation page on xref:sandboxes.adoc[sandboxes].
```

Author: OK, I've copied the links from the "See Also" section at the end into the main text.

> After you upgrade using this process, you cannot undo the installation and return to a previous version. Follow the best-practice workflow by creating safe sandbox environments and using them to test each upgrade before installing the new package in your production environment. For more information, see the documentation page on xref:sandboxes.adoc[sandboxes].

Reviewer: I think that using the phrase "best-practice workflow" is confusing the issue here (workflow vs. tasks).
Also, we assume that everything we publish is "best practice" and need not specify that but rather just provide the instructions.
Consider...:
```suggestion
After you upgrade, you cannot undo the installation and revert to a previous version. Therefore, be sure to create safe sandbox environments in which you test each upgrade before installing it in your production environment. For more information, see the documentation page on xref:sandboxes.adoc[sandboxes].
```
...HOWEVER...This text should not follow the upgrade process; it should precede it, because you must test before upgrading.
